Hi? I'm Seo yeon, who promotes NCL 7 7 electronic device cleaners.

The weather is getting hotter and hotter, so now I need to get ready to turn on the air conditioner.

By the way, I wonder if the air conditioner outdoor unit on the veranda is good.

So when I went outside and looked into the air conditioner outdoor unit, oh my! This is dust, right?

If the outdoor unit accumulates a lot of dust like this, the cooling efficiency will decrease and the electricity value will be high.

The bigger problem is that I've often seen fires occur due to overheating of outdoor units in the news.

It is said that the air conditioner outdoor unit should be cleaned twice a year, in spring and autumn.

Well, from now on, clean the outdoor unit with NCL 7 7.

I'll show you how you can do it yourself.

The cleaning method is very simple.

First of all, for safety, you need to turn off the power of the outdoor unit.

The power source for the outdoor unit may be outside, or it may be in the indoor switchboard.

For safety, you need to turn down the switch carefully.

The outdoor unit is placed outside all year round. As a result, yellow dust and dust accumulate residual.

Dust covering the surface of the outdoor unit interferes with air circulation and reduces cooling efficiency.

If the cooling efficiency decreases, of course, there will be a lot of electricity costs.

Dust that accumulates on the outside of the outdoor unit is removed with a broom.

As shown in the video, the dust between the pins of the outdoor unit is simply sprinkled with NCL 7 7 lightly and evenly, and the outdoor unit is cleaned.

Also, compare the air conditioning pin before cleaning and the air conditioner pin after cleaning next to it.

The part that was cleaned with NCL 7 7 looks like the inside of the pin is fenched.

I think the cleaning was good.

Now that the air flows well, the air conditioner will be well cooled.

When I tried it myself, it was much simpler than I thought.

And one more.

In summer, the air conditioner outdoor unit fire is mainly caused by the control panel inside the outdoor unit.

When I opened the control panel, there was a lot of dust piled up.

Again, simply spray NCL 7 7 slowly to finish cleaning.

NCL 7 7 is an insulating cleaner and can be sprayed directly onto the substrate.

I think the control panel was cleaned with water.

It has become so clean as new.

Well, I think I'll be able to stay cool this summer thanks to the air conditioning.

As a final finish, I need to put up the power breaker that I put down before work.

Carefully raise the power breaker.

Depending on the type of air conditioner, it is important to know that the computer will operate after a few hours of charging after the power is supplied, so it is necessary to wait for the charging to complete before the cooling can start.

One more important thing for safety!

If the location of the outdoor unit is in a place that is difficult to access, you may get hurt while working on your own, so be sure to seek help from a professional company!

Now it's time to clean the outdoor unit!!!

All of you have a cool summer with NCL 7 7.

NCL 7 7 can be purchased directly by searching on Naver.

Then I'll see you next time, Seo-yeon.